Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me 
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free 
The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike 
while I blow my brain out, just to see what it feels like 
It don't matter, he's dope, he knows that, but he's broke 
(Ha hah-ha, hah-ha! Ha hah, hah-ha, hah-ha, hah-ha) 
Stop they blood flow until they veins clot 
People don't buy shit no more they just dub it 
-- Well, I do take pills, don't do speed 
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked 
I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch 
I'm now nauseous and I can't eat lunch 
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin' 
Purple haze and acid raindrops 
Why don't you like me? 
(It's not that!) 
To seize everything you ever wanted 
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud 
I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful (uh-huh huh) 
That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit (Yup, uh huh) 
You really fucked me Kim 
But we was kids then Kim, I was only 18 
I thought we wiped the slate clean 
Don't do smack, I do do shrooms, do drink beer (yup) 
You really did a number on me 
Bullshit you, bitch, don't fucking lie to me 
Fuck you asshole, yeah, bite me 
Y'all didn't wanna believe me! 
I think I got a generation brainwashed 
I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested 
There's a four year old boy lyin' dead with a slit throat 
How you gonna scare somebody with a gun threat 
Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top 
Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop 
But they love it when you make your business public 
And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot (Ow!) 
He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy? No 
Or just let it slip? 
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me? 
to pop pills and smoke pot til they brains rot (uhh-oh) 
It like makes me upset 
Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better 
Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter 
Would you capture it 
I'm Shady!! 
Snap back to reality, oh there goes gravity 
In your living room, ha-ha 
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy 
Does this look like a big joke? 
You gotta make em fear you 'fore you make em feel you 
like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool (Woo!) 
I like birds, bees, I like people 
said this the biggest knife she ever saw in her life (Help me! Help me!) 
Kim, KIM! 
so fuck it, I've got herpes while we on the subject (uh-huh) 
Don't do crack (uh-uhh) don't do coke, I do smoke weed (uh-huh) 
(I love you!) 
The clocks run out, times up, over, blaow! 
Or one opportunity 
No, you think I'm ugly 
Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp) 
Told you how to slap dicks and murder your girl (I did!) 
Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, "Fuck the world!" 
It's not syphilis, and as for being AIDS infested 
I don't wanna go on 
(What?? That's my shit!) 
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin 
And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin 
I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets 
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!! 
cause this is how I am in real life (mm-hmm) 
In one moment 
I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful (hehehe) 
You loved him, didn't you? 
That's fucked up! 
That was years ago 
What you think I'm kiddin' you? 
You think I'm ugly don't you 
Oh, God, my brain is racing 
So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you 
I just wanna make a few things clear 
(Ha hah-ha, ha! Ha hah, hah..) I told you I was Shady!! 
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready 
Living in this world without you 
I try to keep it positive and play it cool 
My baby mama's not dead (uh-uhh) she's still alive and bitchin (yup) 
Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school (Stay in school!) 
What are you doing? 
(Aww that shit is wack!) 
If you had 
Goodbye 
